Describe how Knative channel name is constructed (#256)
kyma-project/community: sig-and-wg/archive/wg-knative/knative-eventing-adoption.md

 The Knative channel naming follows this pattern: `{event-source-id}--{event-type}--{event-type-version}`. In order to avoid naming conflicts, the following rules are considered when creating the channel name: 
 1. If the event component's name already contains a hyphen, the hyphen is replaced with `-d`. For example, `external-application` becomes `external-dapplication`.
 2. If the event component's name already contains a period, the period is replaced with `-p`. For example, `order.created` becomes `order-pcreated`.

>  3. Finally, a hashing function is applied to the Knative channel name and the output hash is an Alphanumeric lower case string with length of 32 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 3. Finally, a hashing function is applied to the Knative channel name and the output hash is a 32-character alphanumeric lower case string.
```
